Terelu from woman to woman You think that she has been
left with the desire to have had
a child with Fidel I think not man, let's
see if she wanted to be a mother she
would call her own not the ones she already has there's no
need to have more I've
asked her but the
terrible circumstances that Rocío has been through I
think have prevented them, well in the
end Rocío Carrasco and Fidel have not
had children because Antonio David
is asking her if she has wanted
or not wanted to have children with
Fidel and it's not that the circumstances that
well let's see the circumstance that
your ex was making you look bad on the
set well let's see that well you act you don't
sue that you have sued complaints and
all the things that you want no let's see
if there's something wrong with it but what does
that have to do with you having a child No, it
gives me more the impression that Fidel
would have wanted that situation more the
feeling I have is the opposite Yes
yes let's go what if it would cost let's go and how
can you flatter so much I mean why
lower yourself to  flirting with a person
as if the other person were 25
levels above you, meaning you don't
need it.